2010s
########################################################################

.. role:: raw-html(raw)
    :format: html

:slug: the-decade-that-was
:date: 2019-12-31 10:40 PST
:category: life
:tags: life, amazon, matt
:author: Chris Rose
:email: offline@offby1.net
:excerpt: Looking back at the decade that was... it's been a ride. I got married. Emigrated to another country. Took a terrifying job that continues to excite me
:status: published

In 2010 I:
@@@@@@@@@@

* was a new father
* had been in my new job for nearly a year
* attended my first PyCon
* owned my first home, and was learning to build and maintain it
* was part of a fantastic D&D group
* had a few couples who were phenomenally good friends
* lived in Canada

In 2019 I:
@@@@@@@@@@

* am a proud father of a ten year old whom I love and who is always finding new ways to brighten my life
* have a son who lives 5 hours drive away from me most of the time
* am in love with and loved by Helen, who's amazing in every way
* am divorced
* have a `fantastic job </posts/amazon-expedition/an-expedition-up-the-amazon.rst>`_ that I couldn't even have dreamed of back then
* have watched some of my best friends drift away and it broke my heart
* teetered on the edge of losing one of my great friends but somehow salvaged that
* have made other friends who have supported me when I needed it most
* own a gorgeous home in Seattle

:raw-html:`<br />`

In between those points are so many things that this blog barely touched on. Looking back at the decade that was... it's been a ride. I got married. Emigrated to another country. Took a terrifying job that continues to excite me. I learned what it feels like to recognize being abused. I became a feminist. I watched my son grow into from the baby I adored to the boy I love. I met my partner. I traveled to some of the most amazing places. I found career success. I rode more than 200 miles in a weekend on my bike. I got a tattoo. I found new music and old, and new friends and old.

The world continues to spiral into ... fascism, I guess? It's hard to say. We are seeing the effects of ignoring global climate change comining home to roost. The USA is in a bad place, but it's hard to say if it's the leading edge of a political wave that might sweep 3/4 century of peace away in a spasm of nationalistic violence, or if it's a last gasp from an old order that is dying and knows it.
