---
title: "No title [85]"
date: 2006-06-10 04:47
author: "xraystar"
category: "General, Slovakia 2006"
slug: "85"
status: "published"
save_as: "morruz/85.html"
url: "morruz/85.html"
---

We got tickets to the Ballet an hour or so ago, and they cost 160Ck each. Crazy,eh? that is like 8 bucks. We are killing a little time here before we go to the Krypt just down the street, which is as it seems, but all the graves are open(?) wierd, and apparently it is quite morbid. I'm looking forward to it. I'll take a picture and post it. I've just figured out where the usb port is.

We tried to get Simon a three piece suit, but the place we were in didn't have one that fit, and all the stores here close at noon on Saturdays. Bah. No shoppping in Brno for me, I guess.

Well, I am successful in getting souveniers for those I care about, and Chris. For everyone, I either have it bought, or I know exactly where to get it. I just need to find myself that darned tablecloth...The ones I've looked at were over 100 dollars at least. I sure hope you guys buying them for me in other countries are not even coming close to that in price. And if so, jeez! thanks sooooo much! But I might have to limit it to just countries I've been to to avoid the guilt factor.

The train station here is much easier to navigate, despite the lack of english in this city, the train station is much better for english speakers than the one in Praha. We're off to Krakow tomorrw. If anything else, I'm just looking forward to the train ride. It's 6 hours of countryside bliss.
