---
title: "All the small things..."
date: 2006-02-22 18:54
author: "Miranda"
category: "General, South America 2006"
slug: "all-the-small-things"
status: "published"
save_as: "morruz/all-the-small-things.html"
url: "morruz/all-the-small-things.html"
---

Kay, this is kind of a joint post, both Dad and I remembering all the small things that kind of get burried beneath the onslaught of new experiences. All of you who have travelled know what the small things are.

Like "the meal," basically seafood extraordinaire, eaten within sight of the Atlantic Ocean. People who are too numerous to mention (Maria, Adrian, German, Milena, unamed people on the street who help out in any way they can, Mariano, Joseph, Alfredo...). How great the busses can be here in Argentina, like first class on a plane: Greyhound has some catching up to do. Finding great accomodations by just going with someone who greets you at the bus station. Missing great-sounding festivals by a day or two, but still having a terrific time in whatever city we find ourselves in on any particular day. Stuck in Neuquen, which we were told was ugly and boring, but we managed to fill our day by walking the length of the town to the riverside, where all the locals were hanging out. Finally finding this "Cheap Argentina" that we've been hearing so much about (\$1.70 for a liter of beer, or a bottle of wine... in a restaurant). Me paying Dad back 10000 in one meal, and him taking forever to make up the 60 difference he owed me. Great seafood (good enough to mention twice, and hey, we were on both coasts). The thrill of getting the hang of the local busses, which were a confusing mess to us in Lima, though we're not totally fluent yet. Sand that is too hot to walk in bare-foot. Scenery, oh, wait, that's not a small thing. Trying to get used to eating supper later, which some cities made easy by restaurants opening only at 7:30 or 8pm, and then getting here, to San Rafael where they don't even open until 9! I guess that's why Dad has been partying the night away at the bars 'til 1am, cause it feels like 10 ;) Old cars, Dad pegs some models at '62-'63 Fords, and '73-'75 Citroyens (even some with all body parts the same colour!). Fruit, fruit, and more fresh fruit. Gypsies: "Will you buy this cheap plastic trinket from me? No? Well then will you just give me some money?" Good marketing strategy, eh? So far, in Santiago, Dad got sworn at (well fuck you then) for not giving a beggar money, hexed by a romany in Neuquen, and sworn at by a 12 year old in San Rafael for not giving him money, he looked quite wealthy. Dad also seems to attract the most unseemly lot of old men who seem to need to help him spend his money. But, in Santiago, he says he met a neat crowd of colored people when he bought a round of drinks in a hole in the wall. (Almost) free entertainment: jugglers and mimes playing in traffic, for just some small change, please. One mime in particular in Valdivia who had drawn a huge crowd... ask us later, oh, and the two-tiered juggling. Orcas, orcas, orcas (oh wait, that's a pretty big thing too). Going from lush mountian forrests to dry pampas oh so quickly. Eucalyptus, monkey puzzle trees, olives (which Dad tried right off the tree when they are green, I don't think he recommends them this way), grapes (which taste so great when you pluck them from the vine). Clean and organized bus stations. Some non-smoking areas in Argentina, the health factor showing up here in S.America for the first time we can think of. Fellow travellers who you share a hostel/outing/meal/drink/experience with, again too numerous to mention (Beth & Casey, Martje & Sonder, Nicolas & Carolina, flatlanders, Morris, Adrian, the Swiss couple, the Holland couple, Gerry and Lucy...).

Lots of love,  
us
