Title: Jujutsu as an Experienced Git User
Slug: jututus-as-an-experienced-git-user
Date: 2025-07-07T09:05:38.566927
Tags: direnv, jujutsu, git, programming
Category: tools
Author: Chris Rose
Email: offline@offby1.net
Status: published
Toot: https://wandering.shop/@offby1/114812786965367777
Summary: As an experiment I'm trying to use Jujutsu instead of Git as my local version control interface. This is how that's going for me.

I was inspired to try [Jujutsu](https://github.com/martinvonz/jj) when I saw a link to Steve Klabnik's [Jujutsu tutorial](https://steveklabnik.github.io/jujutsu-tutorial/); I'd heard about the tool a few times, but hadn't made the jump. 

Note: unlike some of my other posts, this one will be updated as I notice things.

## The Good

* I am really appreciating the sense of safety that comes with versioning the working copy. I've done that before, by integrating tiny commits into my editor, but that got cumbersome with always having to rebase and manage those changes. 

* The fact that it can colocate with an existing git clone is delightful. I've tacked `jj` on to some of my existing repositories, including one at work, and am experimenting "in prod" as it were.

* The way jj displays conflicts is excellent.

## The Different

* Implicitly named branches has been interesting to get used to, but I've actually found I don't spend a lot of time thinking about it. I'm going to investigate ways to make a default template based off of a "slug" from `@`'s description.

* I have a habit of keeping "personal" untracked files around, scripts that I don't feel like moving to PR review, or WIP changes that are in new files and I don't keep a full branch for. Jujutsu _really_ doesn't play nice with this workflow that is, honestly, not Git-friendly either, but is an old habit. I'm probably going to need to find a nice, friendly way to make cheap local WIP branches for those.

## The Bad

* This almost fits under _different_ intead of _bad_ but I'm really not fond of the length of the `--limit=` flag for `jj log`; limiting the log to different lengths is something I do a _lot_ and git's affordance for it (`git log -5`) is an elegant, helpful shortcut.

* It looks like `jj` is deprecating the automatic use of `@` -- the current edited change -- in a lot of commands, requiring the use of `-r@` in a lot of commands that otherwise would "just work"; I'm not fond. I'm hoping there's a setting somewhere that I can use to restore this.

* The lack of an easy way -- that I've found, so far! -- to one-shot "move the tracking bookmark I'm working on to the tip of my current revset" -- is frustrating. I have thus far failed to develop a usable alias for `jj bookmark move <figure-out-this-name> --to @`

    **Edit**: I have been shown a solution to this by Nathan Witmer in his [Jujutsu tips and tricks article](https://zerowidth.com/2025/jj-tips-and-tricks/). The short answer is an alias called `tug` that is documented in the [Bookmarks and branches section of his article](https://zerowidth.com/2025/jj-tips-and-tricks/#bookmarks-and-branches). 

* A total lack of decent Emacs support for this VCS is really challenging me. I live in Emacs nearly full time, and I miss support for merging in smerge-mode, and my _god_ do I miss the UI of `magit`. If I give up on this experiment, it'll be because I don't have magit support.
